Story Recapped here.
Today, I'm going to show you a fantasy romantic
drama film titled The Curious Case of Benjamin
Button.
Spoilers ahead!
Watch out and take care!
An old woman lies vulnerably in a hospital
bed while Hurricane Katrina hits New Orleans.
A younger woman crosses the space in between
them and desperately tries to console the
old woman.
The old woman was ready and waiting to cease.
A short recollection of a familiar story swiftly
appears before her consciousness.
A visually impaired watchmaker in New Orleans
has a son who has been deployed on the battlefield.
When his son left, all he did was work on
the town's most prominent watch.
After four short months, a letter arrived
proclaiming their son died in the war.
The watchmaker mourned so much that he decided
to reverse-engineer the town's watch to commemorate
all the lives lost in the war.
He wished that he could turn back the time
to keep their children alive, and their sons
would come back home one day.
The whole town remembered the clock as the
watchmaker's parting gift as he was never
seen again.
The old woman, Daisy, asks the younger woman
Karoline to pick up a book from her suitcase.
She asks her to open the book and read through
the pages.
Karoline sees several memorabilia attached
to the diary.
Karoline reads a last will and testament.
The testament leaves no possessions of wealth
but revelations to Karoline as far as a man
names Benjamin can remember.
When the war was announced to have ended,
the families of the dead soldiers mourned.
But the war is a two-faced traitor being celebrated
by the rest of the people in New Orleans.
A man sprints nervously in the middle of the
rejoicing crowd towards his house.
He comes home to her dying wife after giving
birth.
The ill woman asks him to promise her to show
love and affection to her child before she
bids him farewell.
Thomas steps towards the crib, leans over
the crying little creature, almost vomiting
on sight.
He jerkily carries him and runs the house
outwards.
He takes him to drown alive in the lake just
a mile away from home, but a guard shouts
over and runs after him.
The guard loses sight of Thomas as he hides
in a short alley.
He inserts a piece of cloth into the child's
swaddle and leaves him in the stairs of a
well-lit house just behind the alley.
A couple is sweetly talking outside the house,
but an old lady interrupts their moment.
The woman follows the old lady back inside
the house, but the man drags her and mindlessly
takes small steps down the stairs.
The man could have crashed the tiny, swaddled
boy in the stairs if he has not immediately
lifted his foot and skipped.
The woman opens up the swaddle, revealing
the oddest baby the two have ever seen.
The couple gasps in horror and amusement.
The man persuades her to leave the baby alone,
but the woman picks him up and carries him
inside the house.
She keeps him in her drawers in her room and
assists the aged people in the shelter.
She comes in contact with the doctor, who
she calls along to her room.
The doctor diagnoses that the boy was blind
from cataracts, deaf, has ossified hands and
feet and is also suffering from Arthritis.
The doctor declares that he was not a newborn
but an old man deteriorating to the grave.
Queenie feels necessarily pitiful that she
wants to keep him, but the doctor warns her
that not everyone is meant to survive.
Queenie carefully takes the baby to the shelter
where the aged people gather and names the
little boy Benjamin.
Benjamin finds a home as Queenie raises him
in the shelter.
Growing up, Benjamin lived the first few years
of his life thinking he was also in his twilight
years, just like the people in the shelter.
He was the playful old man who can only move
his limbs with a wheelchair.
Queenie stands by him as he aged into youth.
One night, Queenie takes Benjamin to a faith
healer.
She asks to be prayed over to start bearing
a child and clear Benjamin from what she called
"The Devil's Curse".
The healer asks him to rise from his wheelchair,
but Benjamin falls down.
He manages to rise again and takes little
steps.
The healer collapses and dies in rejoice at
Benjamin's victory that night.
The shelter has regular visits from birthdays
and deaths, and Benjamin witnesses how people
come and go, leaving him wondering why death
hasn't taken him yet.
Benjamin becomes acquainted with a pygmy man
who takes him to train trips and parks.
The pygmy man leaves him alone in crutches,
where Benjamin spends the whole night walking
himself home.
Benjamin thought it was one of the best days
of his life.
On Sundays, the families of the aged people
visit the shelter for thanksgiving.
One of the elderly women introduces Benjamin
to her granddaughter, Daisy, an adorable auburn
girl with blue eyes.
He falls in love the moment she met Daisy.
After serving the thanksgiving lunch, Queenie
announces that she is going to have a baby.
While Benjamin is dealing with the news, Daisy
starts opening up and playing to Benjamin.
One night, the two light up a candle under
a bed down the basement and reveal secrets
to each other.
Benjamin admits that he was not as old as
he looked, and Daisy believes he was different
from the others.
Daisy's grandmother catches and scolds the
two of them for misbehaving.
When Daisy left, Benjamin gets back to getting
acquainted with older people.
One lady teaches him how to play the piano.
As time goes by, Benjamin notices more changes
taking place in his body.
One day, he visits a port with another old
man and is hired to work in the boat.
The work in the sea excites the odd Benjamin.
He grows close to Captain Mike, who eventually
discovers that he was still a virgin.
Captain Mike takes Benjamin to a brothel where
they have a dose of liquors, sentiments and
women.
Despite Benjamin's odd and peculiar appearance,
a prostitute eagerly takes him but becomes
flabbergasted when Benjamin does not run out
of sexual vigour.
He became her sole guest.
While going home from the brothel, a car stops
by Benjamin on the sidewalk.
He invites Benjamin to the car and introduces
himself as Thomas Button.
The two heads to a luxurious bar and talks
about Benjamin's disease.
Later that night, Thomas takes him home and
asks him if he could pay a visit time after
time.
Daisy comes by another thanksgiving day and
spends the day with Daisy in the tugboat.
Captain Mike revs the boat to life as Benjamin
wishes.
Benjamin's old lady friend dies one day.
There, he comes to an epiphany that his life
passes by differently than anyone else in
the shelter.
He lovingly bids farewell to her parents and
the shelter, who wish him safety and happiness
in turn.
Benjamin promises to write Daisy a postcard
from wherever he lands.
His life in the sea was long and agonizing,
but Daisy makes sure to send a letter back
after every postcard.
Meanwhile, Daisy advances to be a professional
ballet dancer.
Benjamin and his crew stop by brothels and
bars whenever they dock on land.
On one trip, Benjamin pays for a hotel room
where he meets Elizabeth and her husband Walter,
who happens to be a spy.
One night when he had trouble dozing off,
he gets acquainted with Elizabeth.
They find solace with each other countless
nights, meeting at the hotel lobby every night
when he couldn't sleep and when she doesn't
have her husband around her.
Benjamin falls in love with the married Elizabeth.
Benjamin admits the unfortunate news to Daisy.
Even though Daisy is making significant progress
with her career, the news broke her heart.
Benjamin spends many nights with Elizabeth,
where he consciencelessly ends up making love
to her.
Their affair is too good to be true until
one night, Elizabeth no longer meets him in
the lobby of their own little world.
Benjamin learns to deal with losing Elizabeth
when the war starts to break out back in the
sea.
The crew is preparing for salvage, but their
tugboat has been caught in between the military
distress.
The opponents kill their captain and some
of the crew, and the tugboat crashes in despair.
Benjamin is, fortunately, alive and bids goodbye
to the friendships who died along with the
tugboat.
Benjamin comes back home to the shelter where
she sees to happy, old Queenie.
Despite the sorrow on the sea and the death
in the shelter, both of them are immensely
grateful and apologetic at the same time.
One lonely morning, Daisy visits the shelter.
Daisy hugs Benjamin, but Benjamin dwells that
Daisy was just a girl when he left, but a
beautiful woman had taken her place when he
came back.
Daisy and Benjamin head out for a night to
reconnect, and Benjamin finds himself falling
in love with a gracefully dancing Daisy, who
kisses and seduces him before the night ends.
She goes home disappointed as Benjamin adamantly
rejects him.
The following night, an old friend Thomas
passes by the shelter and takes Benjamin for
a dinner where he admits his affection for
Benjamin as a company.
He takes Benjamin to the button factory, where
he reveals that Benjamin is his son.
He tours her around his house and introduces
an old picture of Benjamin's mother, Karoline.
Benjamin leaves Thomas' house confused and
pained.
Later, he comes back to the Button's mansion
and picks him up for an early trip to the
lake, where Thomas lets go of his life.
Benjamin heads to New York for Daisy's show.
He once again falls in love with the graceful
Daisy onstage.
After the show, he pays her a backstage visit.
Benjamin becomes jealous and leaves the afterparty
when a friend kisses Daisy squarely on the
lips.
She chases after her but ends up leaving too
after hearing that Benjamin felt happy for
her boyfriend.
Benjamin spends his days touring with his
motorcycle and repairing things in the shelter.
One day, he receives a sad letter and heads
to a hospital in Paris.
Daisy is suffering from multiple injuries
after being hit by a taxi days ago.
Benjamin wants to take her home, but Daisy
asks him to stay out of his life.
The broken Benjamin dealt with the agony through
countless one-night stands.
Daisy reconnects with Benjamin one day where
they end up making love that night.
The two spend their years passionately making
love at different places in different weather.
Eventually, Benjamin's disease starts complicating
their relationships.
Daisy worries that Benjamin will wake up to
an old lady one day, but she shrugs it off,
knowing he loved him enough.
The news of Queenie's death break Benjamin
and Daisy but moves on after time.
Benjamin sells his father's mansion to live
his years with Daisy in their own duplex.
The loss of youth cause Daisy great pain,
but she promises Benjamin to accept ageing
as it is.
Daisy opens up her own ballet class and reveals
that she is carrying Benjamin's child.
Benjamin grows excessively worried that the
baby might end up like him or he might not
be able to father the baby at all.
Daisy eases him off by promising that she
will make things work for their family.
9 months later, Daisy triumphantly gives birth
to their first child and names the child after
his mother, Karoline.
Karoline becomes angry after the diary's revelation
but continued reading through the pages.
The gravity of Benjamin's disease started
to show when he realized that their child
needs a father and not a playmate.
Even though he loved his wife and daughter,
he decides to leave them with all his inheritances
to live in the direction his disease is taking
him.
Karoline reads all the notes of regrets in
the postcards her father has sent throughout
her life.
Benjamin spent the rest of his life in vain
in different places.
One day, the teen-looking Benjamin decides
to see Karoline and Daisy, but he discovers
that she remarried the man who fathered Karoline.
Daisy and Benjamin spent their last passionate
night together at a hotel.
The years went through without seeing each
other.
But a man called Daisy to hand out his diary.
In his early years, Benjamin is playing a
familiar tune on the piano, suffering from
dementia.
The old Daisy takes care of the demented young
Benjamin until the government of Louisiana
replaced the town's watch.
Oddly enough, his forgetful and agonizing
years came to an end.
The hurricane completely broke out of New
Orleans when Karoline finished reading the
diary.
When the city was flooded, the story of Benjamin
and the reverse-engineered watch have ended.